
## Solutions to exercises found in: ##
## _Shell Programming in Unix, Linux, and OS X_, by Stephen G. Kochan and Patrick Wood ##

----

### Information about the textbook edition ##

**Short version:** the chapter and page numbers refer to the 4th edition, even
though the exercises are taken from 3rd edition.

**Full version:** this repository contains solutions to the exercises from the
textbook series on shell programming by Stephen G. Kochan and Patrick Wood.  The
two most recent editions of this series are the following:

  * _Shell Programming in Unix, Linux, and OS X_ (4th edition)
  * _Unix Shell Programming_ (3rd edition)

The version of the textbook that I have is the 4th edition.  It turns out
however, that the 4th edition has inexplicably removed the exercises that were
part of the previous edition (at least the electronic version of the 3rd edition
that I have access to).  Consequently, the exercises presented in the repository
are from the 3rd edition.

It gets complicated though: although the editions are nearly identical in
context, a short introduction from the 3rd edition is counted as a chapter
whereas in the 4th edition it is not considered to be a chapter, so as a
consequence the indexing of the chapters is off by 1.  However, since I was
working out of the 4th edition book since this is what I had the physical copy
of, it was easier for me to refer to the chapters and page numbers from the 4th
edition as opposed to the 3rd (and since page numbers of the electronic version
of the 3rd edition likely did not match that of the physical edition anyway).

----

### Layout of the repository ###

The (4th edition of the) book has 14 chapters; each chapter is given a directory
in the repository.  Within each chapter, exercise solutions are typically
provided either as a text file or shell script file.  Each chapter has a README
file describing the files associated with the various exercises, and in some
cases examples of how to use and/or test them.  For some problems, there are
accompanying test files, and sometimes other files are also included to assist
testing of the exercises; these additional files are also described in the
chapter's README file.

----

### Remains to complete ###

Chapters 11-14
